What’s your brother? Please Xinyue, do you have nothing to say to me?
Should I be told anything by you?
Everyone's financial attitude is cold to me!
It’s all because of your eyes!
Please, do you still have two books? I have wanted to do something for a long time?
It’s you who loves me, Xu Shi, so go and give Gaozhi a prince,
I have infinite love and I will clear it for you,
Now I get what I always wished for, and I still eat stuff,
Look at Kouri!
You are forced to lose, you and I, Brother He,
There are arrangements for me!
Just leave the palace and if you don't come to save the aura!
You really have nothing to do
Why don't you adjust it wrong for a long time?
Make a bold wish
Not as bold as you
In order to retaliate
Are you not used to doing things to Nangong Yin?
What are you talking about?
The story of the reunion of the blind man
Nothing is clean with me
Need permission to send people
The green law that unifies the dynasty
Don't talk about what's right
Am I incapable of defending your heart?
But want revenge
Come directly to me
There is no rush to Shangqing Palace
How dare you fall in love with Nangong Yin?
As long as you are in the mood
What's the meaning